Programming Lead
Dreams on a Pillow
Apply for this Job
A share icon
PostedMarch 26, 2025
ContractAnywhereRemote
Join award-winning game creators in developing a unique pseudo-3D stealth-adventure game set during the Palestinian Nakba of 1948. The project is designed for an Q4-2026 PC-first, multi-platform release, with a focus on realistic representation of the historical subject matter.

 

Responsibilities:

Lead the programming team in developing core gameplay mechanics and gameplay systems.
Architect, prototype, and optimize game features using Unity and C#.
Collaborate with design and art teams to integrate gameplay systems seamlessly.
Ensure performance optimization across platforms.
Maintain code quality and guide the team in best practices.
 

Requirements:

Proven experience as a Programming Lead or Senior programmer, ideally on one or more commercially released indie games in similar genres on multiple platforms (PC/Console).
Expert knowledge of Unity and C#.
Strong background in player movement, NPC/enemy behavior and environmental interaction systems.
Experience with optimization techniques for multi-platform releases.
Strong problem-solving skills and ability to lead in a remote, distributed team setup.
Management experience; confident leading and mentoring a team of programmers.
 

Additional Details:

Job Title: Programming Lead – Pseudo-3D Adventure Game
Type: Project-Based (Remote, Part-Time/Full-Time)
Contract duration: Minimum 8 months, up to 16 months
Reports to: Game Director
Reports: Unity Developer
Platform: Multi-Platform (PC-First)
Genre: 2.5D adventure game
Engine: Unity
Setting: Real-World Historical
Art Style: Realistic
 

How to Apply:

Please send us an email with your resume and relevant experience. Include the role you're applying for in the subject line.


About Dreams on a Pillow
Rasheed Abueideh is the most notable game developer operating from Palestine, and has experience developing games about the history and realities of the Palestinian people. For Dreams on a Pillow, he will be joined by a group of a dozen veteran game developers, local talent, and a small group of volunteers from all around the world.

‍


Featured Game
Dreams on a Pillow is a pseudo-3D stealth adventure game inspired by a historical Palestinian folk tale set during the ethnic cleansing that was the 1948 Nakba. 

In Dreams on a Pillow, Omm is a young mother from an olive farmers’ family in al-Tantura. Throughout the game, the player traverses historical events and stories of the Nakba as Omm attempts an escape towards Lebanon in the North. Whenever Omm has an opportunity to rest on her perilous journey, she dreams of her childhood - reliving a rapidly fading memory of a pre-Zionist Palestine. Using historical documentation and imagery, two decades of untold Palestinian history is carefully implemented and beautifully rendered, to disprove the common propaganda myth of “a land without people for a people without land”.

